the lottery is a scheme to create more
revenue from the state governments have
one goal in mind
consume everything the lottery is
purported to benefit the school system
by using large amounts of the revenue to
fund it however truth be told despite
billions poured into the lottery system
every single year governments are always
ending up with a shortfall and taxpayers
end up forking out the cash sooner or
later you came here for the truth today
we're going to look at the lottery
system and why it is important so stay
with me let's begin
Illinois lottery officials say payment
for all winnings over six hundred
dollars will be delayed due to the
Illinois budget impasse I had covered
this on the channel recently and I do
believe that it is directly related to
what we are seeing today let's discuss
this for a moment when I look at the
lottery I see it to be no different than
any other Ponzi type scheme there are
two parties and they must follow the
rules they are already set in stone you
as the individual must pay your money
and you must choose the correct numbers
if you get the correct numbers the
lottery must pay you what the odds are
there is a set it's all determined
everything's there unfortunately in this
case they were suggesting that people
weren't going to get paid right away
we'll give you an IOU and then you would
get paid later on this is no different
than any other financial mechanism where
you pay into the system like a pension
fund you pay in for perhaps 30 years 40
years and at the end of it you get paid
but what if they didn't allow you to get
the money that you need or in the case
of many individuals there cut those
pensions or cut people are relying on
that
and it's being cut from them so I see it
to be no different because it's
government-run that's where the failure
lies you have a system that is only
there not to benefit the people who win
the lottery though they do receive that
benefit it is essentially to generate
revenue that's what the government is
very good at now let's look at this I
mean there's a lot of information here I
just let's think of in the top ten for a
second here Mega Millions and Powerball
both have giant parks of more than 350
million dollars a lot of folks are
snapping up the tickets for both so
they're buying both of these tickets
believing that they will win and the
odds of that are not exactly good so
let's see here
the odds of winning both are 176
Australian think about that for a moment
here just look at the size of this
number one in 76 quadrillion to win both
I mean you're playing both so of course
that means you want to win both and the
odds of which are here and you can look
at that on a percentage basis and as far
as I'm concerned this would be
considered statistically insignificant I
mean just rounding off and he any amount
the decimal places and you're finding
that you're getting zero so essentially
that or that is your chance of winning
okay zero but people do it every single
day times I'll show you the statistics
for this you can see that first of all
you're about six thousand times worse
than the odds experts have calculated
being killed by a meteorite strike
that's not all because it's at the same
time that you're being attacked by a
shark I mean the odds are just nearly
impossible but people do it every day
and I don't say it's a bad thing if you
want to do that absolutely you should be
able to do that that's your right to do
so every single year back last year
Americans spent more than 80 billion
doll
on lottery that is a very large number
in fact as far as I'm concerned you
could end the poverty and homeless
crisis that exists in the US by far many
times over but instead the money is
spent on the lottery and in fact
Americans spend more on the lottery than
they did on movies video games music
sports tickets and books combined
I'm not telling people to what to do
with their money but I do believe that
instead of spending the money on the
lottery and they spent it on things like
movies video games music sports books
everything else they would actually
boost the economy when you put it into
the lottery essentially what you're
doing is funding the government on one
hand and then you're also concentrating
the wealth because there's a big jackpot
winner who's going to take that so
essentially that's what's happening it's
everybody pull your money together
government takes a big cut of it and
then one individual gets the money
that's usually what happens in this case
here and I think that people don't
realize what is really happening with a
lottery system I'll get into that more
in a moment here the odds of winning the
Powerball are one in 292 million the
Mega Million odds are slightly better
one and 259 million so these odds here
make it unlikely but yet I find that
people every single day are lining up at
the convenience stores at the different
places and they are I see them all the
time they are checking their tickets
scratching their tickets buying tickets
happens every single day me personally
just as a side note I have never
purchased a ticket ever in my life I
don't get into it I don't want to touch
it I don't even have any paper assets
anymore because I simply feel that
it's gambling that's the way I look at
it and I personally don't want anything
to do with it whatsoever then we look at
this lottery sales has a percentage of
total state revenues just taking the
example of West Virginia and Michigan
look at this massive amounts of money
are being put into this lottery system
creating so much of the revenue of that
particular state if you think about that
that's a little frightening because if
people stopped playing in the lottery
they're going to be in big trouble
they'll run to some shortfalls there
that's for sure and then you know
there's more detail in here if you look
at the left side lottery ticket sales
per capita there's a big big difference
between some of these states North
Dakota I believe was right at the bottom
almost nothing at all being spent on
lottery tickets and what I would say is
that you tend to find people that have
more wealth generally do not play the
lottery and that is statistics of course
doesn't necessarily mean that people
with more wealth won't play the lottery
but generally those are the stats it
shows you that those in the upper middle
class and higher they're not playing the
lottery as much as those in the lower
classes it seems to me that this is a
scheme to take money away from
working-class people
funnel it into the government which of
course the bureaucracy steals it it gets
used on a whole bunch of garbage and
also finds its way into the hands of one
person now statistically with that that
person ends up blowing it all not
necessarily but usually that's what
happens so it's a way to
basically put money back into the hands
of the government and this is something
that is very very clear to me in the
States for which we have data sixty
billion dollars was collected and
revenue for the state lottery tickets
and games in 2012 which averages the two
hundred dollars spent on lottery per
resident and it goes on talking about
the stats when you look at this for on a
different note here people think the
lottery they think of investing they
think of gambling they may think of the
chance of winning essentially that they
see people on TV and newspapers a won
that 200 million dollars and that could
be me but if you spent just a few
dollars per week on your lottery let's
say you spend five dollars a week on the
lottery right and taking for some of
these states a lot of these people spend
hundreds of dollars a year on the
lottery that's average a lot of people
don't really think of like that they
think of that two dollars that they're
spending per week let's say or five
dollars or whatever but if you took that
money and you put it into something
that's truly valuable I think that you
would find that your money would be much
more worthwhile I know it's not that
much and I know that a lot of people
just do it just for fun and I think
that's fine I really think that's
totally fine whatever you want to spend
your money on please do but I think that
we need to be really really cautious at
this time because we don't know what's
going to happen in the future and we
need to be prepared for the worst so I
think that the ultimate thing that we
can do is to be smart with our money
make wise choices and be able to prepare
and to benefit
our families first and foremost if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up and last but not least if
you found the video informative I know
you'll find my books the money GPS I'm a
new release global economic collapse
even more informative the first book is
about the four asset classes and how to
profit from them whereas my new book
takes on familiar concepts but I get
into things like becoming
self-sufficient that's what I was
talking about a moment ago reducing your
monthly expenses and so on so you can
check those out at Amazon the links are
in the description below
take care just one at the once again
mention that I am on vid me a lot of
people have just told me since I posted
my last video that they've heard people
were shut down on there as well
so I don't know what to do about it I
think it's great just to diversify
regardless on any of the social medias
I'm also on steam it as well the only
thing about steam is that you can't
actually post a video on Steam it's I'm
basically posting my link to the YouTube
on steam is but I'm on there regardless
everything is posted on Steam it for now
give me YouTube it goes to Facebook it
goes to Twitter and least I'm getting
the message out there and hope I'm just
really hoping for the best so thank you
all each and every one of you for your
support through patreon through the
t-shirt purchases through the PayPal
donations all the Bitcoin donations
through every single way that you have
supported me I truly as a person
speaking to you truthfully I so
appreciative thank you very much